Then…
erase this memory too.
There's someone spying for us inside.
There's a mole in here?
Someone stole chickens.
Someone informed them
I'd joined hands with Gang-mu.
Someone in the dorm.
But Bun-ok slept in her room alone.
You should search her room first.
-Ms. Oh disappeared.
-Ms. Oh did?
Did you search the cafeteria?
What about the serving area?
Is this bastard…
He's trying so hard.
Come to your senses, Gang-mu.
What do you gain by turning against us?
What do we do now?
What do you think?
We should kill them all.
Should I pull the trigger?
You think I have anything to fear?
You'll never end up with her.
I don't…
want her to suffer anymore.
BONUS
Translated by [Wayne Ryu]
A BELOVED ACTRESS
WHOSE PASSION FOR ACTING SHONE BRIGHTLY
AND ONLY WISHED
TO SHARE THE GOOD WITH OTHERS…
IN LOVING MEMORY OF KIM MI-SOO